Just fucking teach me a lesson, right?
I've been looking for you for a long time
Who are you?
Where are my parents?
Why don't you speak?
Do you know who this is?
You call me Tiger
Sister Su, you are Luhan's nephew
So you're here for their family?
Neither are you
Why are you doing something stupid?
Hahaha, dare to touch my aunt's family?
What to listen to
You managed to piss me off
Hahahaha, did you hear that?
Did you successfully bully me?
I'm so scared, so scared, I'm so scared too
Hahahahaha
Yo
Yo, are you still baby teeth?
I'm not going to your mother
If you don't understand the rules, what don't you understand?
Come on your knees
10 I'll ask you one last time
Where are my parents?
Worried?
Got it!
I want to fuck him to death
Don't say it's pitiful
Who will tell you to clear the wimps?